Add documentation for CI/CD setup and Commodore Compile Pipeline (#305)
projectsyn/lieutenant-operator: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/explanations/cicd-support.adoc

= CI/CD Support

Lieutenant can configure Git repositories to enable CI/CD for tenant repositories.
This feature is designed to support the https://github.com/projectsyn/commodore-compile-pipelines[Commodore Compile Pipeline], but can be used independently.

[NOTE]
--

> Automatic configuration of CI/CD tooling is so far only supported on GitLab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, automatic configuration of CI/CD tooling is only supported on GitLab.
```

In particular, the following parameters are provided on a tenant where `spec.compilePipeline.enabled` is set to `true`:

* `ACCESS_TOKEN_CLUSTERNAME`, where `CLUSTERNAME` is the name of a specific cluster, with `-` replaced by `_`.
  This contains an access token, which has read-write access the corresponding cluster's catalog repository.
  The access token is created automatically for each cluster where `spec.enableCompilePipeline` is set to `true` and `spec.gitRepoTemplate.accessToken` contains a valid secret reference.
* `COMMODORE_API_URL`. This contains the URL at which the Lieutenant API can be accessed.
* `COMMODORE_API_TOKEN`. This contains an access token for the Lieutenant API.
* `CLUSTERS`. This contains a space-separated list of cluster IDs for which the CI/CD pipeline should run; that is, the list of clusters where `spec.enableCompilePipeline` is `true`.

The CI/CD pipeline can use these parameters to compile cluster catalogs with Commodore, and push them to the corresponding catalog repositories.
The https://github.com/projectsyn/commodore-compile-pipelines[Commodore Compile Pipeline] is a GitLab CI pipeline definition which accomplishes that.

> However, it is possible to use other CI/CD systems.

Reviewer: Not sure what you're trying to say with this sentence. Maybe something like

```suggestion
If the available CI pipeline definition isn't suitable for your use case, you can deploy an arbitrary valid `.gitlab-ci.yml` through the `pipelineFiles` mechanism.
Please note that Lieutenant doesn't check the validity of the files provided in `pipelineFiles`.
```
